# Pokemon_Midwest_Data
I went through each type picking Pokemon I thought would fit well in a midwest-inspired region. Some will be obvious references to animals found there or the cultural and economic features (such as having machinery-inspired Pokemon) while others may be references to lore or urban legends (Zoroark for the Michigan Dog Man), things the region is known for (Cherubi and Cherrim to represent Traverse City being known for cherries), or will be loose "fill-ins" for animals that don't have Pokemon yet (Arrokuda and Barraskewda as stand-ins for Pike). Some are included that fit very loosely but were needed for type diversity (Like Dragonite in the lakes, or Flygon in the Sleeping Bear Dunes). Very few were just picked for type diversity or to be used as fill ins, but a few were, so if you see any you think should be removed let me know.

I also included all of my data here, including a list of the Pokemon I selected, an R script I used for data analysis of the types here, and the data generated itself. For the data generated, "TypeDistDiff" refers to the difference between the % of types I picked compared to the % of types present in all of Pokemon (My list, however, ignores alternate forms, while the % data I used for comparison that came from Bulbapedia did not). The difference will be shown as a value, such as 0.07, instead of as a percent, such as 7%. Simply multiply any value by 100% to get the percentage.

I also included data for each pre-existing region on how many Pokemon from that region were used (ignoring forms). Data for all Pokemon as well as without legendaries, mythicals, and UBs is included. 

I will update as needed.
